---
layout: post
title: Everything Has A Start
description: "Exoteric is ALl About Growth"
headline: "Systems, Technology, Ideas and Strategy To Gain Audience, Increase Revenue and Boost Margins"
categories: Exoteric
tags: 
  - exoteric consulting
  - welcome
  - about us
imagefeature: "innovation.jpg"
imagecredit: innovation
imagecreditlink: "http://exoteric.io"
comments: false
mathjax: null
featured: true
published: true
---

>&quot;The beginning is the most important part of the work.&quot;
><small><cite title="Plato">Plato</cite></small>



Exoteric was born from a desire to help visionary individuals and Companies acheive their goals, create value, reach new audiences and engage new consumers.  Whether your business is a start up or a storied institution innovation is the engine of continued growth.  Companies build new products, license and aquire IP, hire talent, create marketing and advertising campaigns driven by the same goal - growth.  I have had the pleasure of serving as a management consultant and , in a professional capactity, attorney for visionary Companies that valued outside insight as they took on new challenges.  I have personally thrived in this role using research, problem solving, technology, data, analytics, development, design and storytelling to craft solutions that created impact for my clients.  Exoteric is my commitment to your buisness, my investment in your growth. I have brought together leaders in Business Strategy, Data Science, Intellectual Property, Digital Media, Technology Development and Visual Communication and our sole mission is to provide strategy, iterate, grow and scale winning ideas.  

One of the innovations I felt necessary in building a modern managment consulting firm is in client billing.  As an Attorney I hated tracking time and allocating 15 minute blocks to client blocks where that time produced no tangible result.  What is missing in the hourly billing (or project billing as a function of hourly estimates) is a discussion of the value of the work being undertaken and a willingness to share in the risk associated with such work.  I believe value driven billing requires upfront honest communication to determine the impact (value) of the project/problem/innovation being undertaken.  We work to create an impact statement associated with any proposal we create and set our compensation based on the amount of impact we aim to create.  We include a detailed action plan associated with the work and, understanding that even the best laid plans may fail for reasons beyond anyone's control, we create milestones and apportion payment across the timeline based on triggered percentages at milestone completion.  Our hope is this allows our team to focus and receive proper compensation for their work but also that it provides our clients with an understanding of how to measure our work and the security of knowing risk is mitigated throughout the engagement. 

We are currently working internally to determine our full bandwith and are onboarding 6 clients per quarter until we are sure we can accomidate more.  We have four of our six quarterly slots filled as of the launch of our site (see our clients/work page for more info on these awesome Partners) and are looking for two more companies that are looking for the assistance we can provide.  If you are interested in starting a conversation please let us know - we welcome the conversation and the chance to create value for you.

Best, 

Tyler Malin
Founder